
 
 
 
 
            
        --
        Web Hosting, VPS Hosting, Reseller Hosting - Hawk Host
        
        
        
        
        
        
 
 
             
    
    
    
     
     
    
    
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade
    your browser to improve your experience.
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
            
                
                    
                        All Products
                            
                                
                                    
                                        
                                            
                                                
                                                
                                                    Web Hosting
                                                    
                                                        Shared
                                                        Reseller
                                                        Semi Dedicated 
                                                        Virtual Private Servers
                                                    
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                        
                                            
                                                
                                                
                                                    Domains
                                                    
                                                        Register Domain
                                                        
                                                        Transfer Domain
                                                        
                                                    
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                        
                                            
                                                
                                                
                                                    Other Services
                                                    
                                                        SSL Certificates
                                                        Specials
                                                    
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                        Hosting
Domains
VPS
Reseller
                        Contact
                    
                
                
            
            
                
                    Support and Client Area
                
                
            
        
    
    
        
        
    
    
    
        
            
                
                    
                        Awesome Prices on World Class Hosting
                            Get supercharged hosting that scales with your business backed by the best 24/7 support team on the planet.
starting at $2.99 $2.24/mo*
                        
GET STARTED
30 days money back guarantee
FREE: fast SSD storage for all plans!
NEW:  Semi-dedicated servers located in Singapore! - Learn more
                
                
                    
                        
                    
                    
                
            
        
    
    
    
        
            
Reseller Hosting 
Starting at
$12.99/ Mo
Create your own web hosting business!
Sign Up Now
                
Semi Dedicated Hosting 
Starting at
$15.99/ Mo
All the benefits of shared hosting but with extra CPU, memory, emails, and more!
Sign Up Now
                
VPS Hosting
Starting at
$18.00/ Mo
Your server, your environment. Full root access to customize everything you need!
Sign Up Now
            
        
    
    
Free Migration Support
Our 24/7 migration team will be ready whenever you are to move from your old host. We'll help transfer and 
restore your account, free of cost. 
Sign Up Now
SSD Powered
Who wants a slow website? We include enterprise grade high performance SSD storage FREE for all of our hosting plans so that your site will be as fast &amp; smooth as possible.
Sign Up Now
1-Click Application Installer
Our one click installer will have you up and running in minutes.  With support for hundreds of applications including WordPress and Magento, no technical experience is needed to get started!
Sign Up Now
CloudFlare Optimized
As an official CloudFlare partner, our datacenters are CloudFlare optimized. CloudFlare is
100% free, easy to enable, and could provide
your sites countless performance improvements
Sign Up Now
        
            Why Choose Hawk Host?
            
                
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        Safe &amp; Secure
                        We have a team of trained professionals monitoring not only our physical locations but
                            our server software as well. Rest assured your web site is safe and secure
                        
                    
                    
                
                
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        24/7/365 Support
                        All plans include our true round-the-clock support. It doesn't matter if it's 3AM or the
                            middle of your business day,
                            our expertly trained staff will be there to help
                        
                    
                    
                
                
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        99.9% Uptime Guarantee
                        Fully backed by our SLA, we promise you at least 99.9% uptime as part of our service
                            guarantee
                        
                    
                    
                
                
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        Beyond Experienced
                        Since 2004, it has been our passion to provide the best hosting possible. We're experienced,
                            devoted, and committed to seeing your sites succeed
                        
                    
                    
                
            
        
    
    
    
        Hawk Host Reviews
        
            
                
                    
                        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                        
When I started my website I was absolutely overwhelmed by the hundreds of options available for hosting.  I got as far as talking to customer service with at least a dozen companies but your site was the only one who was willing to work with me to get my site online.  I'm extremely happy with your services and highly recommend it to all of my friends.
                        
                        StepheneCommerce Webmaster
                    
                
                
                
                    
                        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                        
I used to host through another company and it was a nightmare! My site was constantly down and when I complained about it they would just blame me.  I just wish that I had used Hawk Host from the start.
                        
                        NatalieBlogger
                    
                
                
                    
                        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                        
I just wanted to say THANK YOU to your awesome support staff.  My site recently went down after a huge surge of traffic from one of my pictures on Facebook and my old hosting provider basically told me to get lost! I'm not very "technically inclined" so when a friend recommended I change to Hawk Host I was skeptical because I had no clue of how to transfer all of my files.  Your support team walked me through every step and had me up and running again in hours.
                        
                        SarahPhotographer / Website Owner
                    
                
                
            
            
        
        
    
    
    
    
        
&nbsp;
                        
                
                    Would it possible to get a second look at ticket #1427443? I don't think the tech understood the full scope of the issue. @Cloudflare
                    
                        
                            
                            
                            
                        
                        Oct 24
                    
                    
                
                
            
                            
                
                    We're having a flash sale in our Amsterdam datacenter! Sign up today and receive a 50% recurring discount -- https://t.co/ccaYSNcKg3
                    
                        
                            
                            
                            
                        
                        Oct 23
                    
                    
                
                
            
                            
                
                    Check out our brand new application manager with full Redis and Memcached support! -- https://t.co/X1xyMrBYde #redis #nosql #memcached
                    
                        
                            
                            
                            
                        
                        Oct 20
                    
                    
                
                
            
                        
    
    
    
        
            
                
                    Build Your Site Today
                
            
            
                
                    $2.99/ Mo
                
            
            
            
                
                    get started now
                
            
        
    
        
    
        
            
                
                    
                        Hawk Host
                        
                            
                                Home
                                About Us
                                Blog
                                Billing Login
                                Hosting Network
                            
                        
                    
                
                
                    
                        Services
                        
                            
                                Shared Hosting
                                Domains
                                Reseller Web Hosting
                                Semi-Dedicated Web Hosting
                                
                                Virtual Private Servers
                                SSL Certificates
                                Enterprise E-Mail
                                1-Click Installs
                            
                        
                    
                
                
                    
                        Support
                        
                            
                                Forums
                                Help Desk
                                Legalese
                                Status Page
                                Affiliate Program
                            
                        
                    
                
                
                
                    
                        Email
                                Sales
                        Email
                                Support
                    
                    
                
            
        
    
    
    
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
                            
                            
                            
                        
                    
                
                
                
                    
                        Copyright &copy; 2017 Hawk Host, All Rights Reserved
                        
                            Privacy Policy
                            Terms Of Service
                            Acceptable Use Policy
                            SLA
                        
                    
                    
                
            
        
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
 
        
        
            
            
                
                    
                    DON'T GO!
                    Our HUGE sale is ending soon! Click below to get your unique code!
                    GET MY COUPON NOW
                    Close without getting coupon
                
Coupon code for 30% off
(recurring):
HHI-1ONAW7F856
USE MY COUPON
            
            
            
        
    

